This intelligence unit
is hereby disbanded.
I'll get your badge.
You just haven't
accepted it yet.
Your team's badges.
they're already mine.
-Gun!
-Gun! Take cover!
They're continuing their
investigation into our unit.
So it's... it's over?
We'll have to wait and see.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[grunts softly
Morning.
Word is IAD Commander Devlin's
out of the office today
because he's attending the
Gold Star Memorial donor event.
Mm.
He'll be there all morning.
then be shaking hands
and taking donors
out until sundown.
I say you catch him beforehand.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe find a few more
syllables by then.
some complete sentences.
Okay.
-You want me to go with you?
-No.
The man is risk-averse.
politically minded.
He does not respond to pressure.
I know who he is.
It's been a month.
-Oh. look. it finds its voice.
-Yes. it does.
And it's going to be fine.
so you got to stop checking
on it. bringing it coffee.
I don't come here.
I don't see you.
The team is scattered.
I know Chapman isn't speaking
to you. so somebody has to.
Trudy. I'm good.
Look. today's the day. right?
-Mm-hmm.
Donor event at the wall?
Come on.
-Here.
-Hank.
-Sir.
-You missed a lovely event.
-Huh.
It's officially been four weeks.
Full breakfast. nice speeches.
They even mentioned your father.
You should have attended.
That's a full month
since the Intelligence
Unit has been disbanded.
My team's all been on
their best behavior.
Every charge of misconduct
has been dismissed.
I know.
The only thing left is for you
to sign on the dotted line.
reinstate us.
-I know.
My officer Kiana Cook...
she just took a permanent
spot in the 17th.
I don't want to lose
any more members.
I can sympathize.
I need them to know we're back.
Well. they're
gonna have to wait.
Sir...
I'm sure I don't
need to tell you
there's been a steady
uptick in crime...
9% rise in homicide.
22% in gun violence.
I can relate that directly
to my team being benched.
You're right. You don't
need to tell me that.
I was promised a
four-week evaluation.
No. you were told a four-week
evaluation at minimum.
I need more time.
How much?
I don't relish this. Hank.
And if you want to
talk consequences.
I believe these are yours.
I was given this responsibility.
and I don't take it lightly.
-It's just a signature.
No. it's my signature.
my name on your unit.
Think about that.
You just keep working
Rapid Response.
I need more time.
Damn it.
I got to go.
-Yeah.
15's got me working
Parkers and movers today.
So. you know. one
simply cannot be late.
Yeah. well. at least
it's something.
Sorry. honey.
Voight's meeting with
Commander Devlin today.
You and Dante are going
to get your badges back.
I know it.
-Yeah.
You'll be back.
Man. I thought we'd
finally be rid of your ass.
be rid of you bothering
the damn neighborhood.
Day in. day out. not
minding your business.
-Keep digging.
-There ain't nothing in here.
-Never was.
Why don't you dig
over there? Dig.
I'm telling you.
you're wasting your...
I knew it. What did I tell you?
What did I say?
-Dig 'em out. Dig 'em out!
Watch out for those peppers.
I ain't touching
your damn plants.
-All of them.
-Oh. you want to swear at me?
Here's a thought. Ludo.
Don't hide your jab in
your auntie's garden.
I find out you stash
here...
-Oh!
-Hey. stay low.
Stay low.
1140. squad.
I
got shots fired.
4200 Keeler in the alley.
Roll some units. I'm
responding on foot.
I got shots fired. 4200 Keeler.
Want to stay off the air.
1140. squad. I need an
ambo. I got one down.
Copy. 1140.
Hey!
Chicago PD!
Drop your weapon! Drop it!
Offender fleeing
eastbound on Crenshaw.
Help! Help me!
He's in a brown Ford. no plate.
His front passenger
tire is blown out.
Sarge! Sarge! Any more
offenders on scene?
No! Cover that DOA right there!
Don't let anyone near him!
-Copy that.
It's a male. Black.
5'9". 180 pounds.
He's heavily armed.
-Help! Help me!
Somebody!
1140. I need that ambo now.
10-4. 1140. Ambo's en route.
Go get some rags.
Come on. Aggie. I
need you to fight.
Come on. come on. Fight. Aggie.
Here. I brought
everything I could find.
Good. Here. press hard on
those two wounds right there.
Harder than that.
Harder than you want to.
You're not going to
hurt her. you hear me?
Press
hard. Good. There you go.
She's bleeding too
much. isn't she?
Stay with me. Aggie. I
need you to be strong.
Come on.
Whoa! What are you doing?
It'll stop the bleeding for now.
Come on. Aggie. stay with me.
-Is she breathing?
It doesn't seem like
she's breathing.
Aggie? Auntie Aggie.
can you hear me?
-Press hard.
-What we got?
Okay. three shots.
Two through-and-through.
third no exit.
-She's not breathing. is she?
-Pulse is real weak.
Okay. we got her. You
can release your finger.
Sergeant Voight.
release your finger.
-You can stay with her. okay?
-Yeah.
You're doing real good. Ludo.
Hey. he can ride
with you. right?
-Yeah. he can.
-Keep me updated. Brenda.
Will do.
Sir! Hey. sir. back up!
Don't touch him!
Don't!
Hey. I ordered you
to hold the scene.
What the hell are you doing?
Sector Sergeant
wanted me on tape.
Sir. back up. please.
Back up right now.
-I was just trying to help.
-I understand.
I need you to back
off right now. okay?
It's a crime scene.
All the way back.
Thank you.
You got to stay behind the tape.
Hey. we got eyes on that Ford?
No. sir. Sector Sergeant
terminated the chase.
My God.
His tire was blown out.
We could have had him.
Hank.
All right. victim's
ID'd as Kenton Williams.
This is likely his
Acura right here.
-You were first on scene?
-Yeah.
Man died with a Glock and
dummy cash in his hand.
so I'm guessing it's a
dope deal gone wrong.
And this alley is known for it.
Lack of cams. easy
access to 290.
Okay. thanks.
I doubt this offender is
new to the neighborhood.
I got good eyes on
him. I can ID him.
I mean. we should
knock and talk.
The faster. the better.
Well. I talked to
Commander Devlin.
Look. I'd love it
if Intelligence
could work on this one.
Well. I'm standing right here.
But you can't. all right?
And I'm not stepping
between you and Devlin.
I-I don't want any of that.
You were only assigned to
work in-progress calls.
Here you go.
I recovered it
off the dead body.
The other gun was a fully auto.
so we got another
on our streets.
I'm sorry. Hank.
No. no. no. tape first.
All right. call Forensics.
Hold the scene. all right?
Slow and steady.
Yo! Jos!
You see that car
just drove past here?
Six minutes ago... beater
brown Ford. flat tire.
Black male driver. 20s. 30s.
You know his name?
Hey! Yo! Yo!
Hank. stop. yo!
Hey. what's your problem?
Tell me who the driver is.
I'm sitting here
minding my business.
Bro. I know for a fact
you got at least
two jabs of work
and two girls in
there right now.
Now. you want that
to be your day.
or you want to tell
me who the driver is?
-I-I don't know his name.
-That ain't helpful.
B-b-b-but I-I seen
him and his ride.
Uh-huh.
H-he hang at Mondo's.
I-I seen him there.
Victim has multiple counts
of PCS. delivery. UUW.
It all fits with a
dope deal gone wrong.
Yeah. Victim tried to stiff
our offender. got shot for it.
Okay. wait. Did you
get word from Devlin?
Are we back?
Look. it's another
DOA from a fully auto.
I mean. sector has failed
on five bodies this month.
It's enough.
Adam. I got a witness.
He recognized our shooter.
He's seen him at a local bar.
Can you bum off for an
hour and meet me there?
We're not back. are we?
No.
All right. what bar?
Mondo's. Its 18th and Hamlin.
Yo. man. Hey. you
work here a lot?
What's a lot?
I was in here with my
guys a few nights back.
I had my ride parked out front.
Brown Ford ripped right into it.
took the bumper clean off.
I got. like. $500
worth of damages.
I don't
work the streets.
I get that. I mean.
clearly. it came from here.
I just need a name.
-Don't got one.
Come on. man. a-a brown
Ford. beat to hell.
It's real hard to
miss. Black driver.
Yeah. I don't know.
Yeah. I don't want no trouble.
I know. but I'm not going to
tell him where I got the name.
I just need a name.
-I... but... no. man.
What kind of car are
you asking about?
What's that?
I said. what kind of car
are you asking about?
Yo. stop.
Look. I don't want no trouble.
Brown Ford. Black
driver... you know him?
Why you asking?
Well. he hit my car.
took off. hit-and-run.
-Hit-and-run. huh?
-Yeah.
Yo. Dee. stop.
I ain't never seen
you in here before.
No. Hey.
Never seen you before either.
That ain't the same.
Dee. stop. Leave it alone.
-Look. man.
-Come on.
-I don't know you.
-Dee. calm down. Sit...
I don't know your car that
got clipped out front.
Why you in here asking
about a brown Ford?
I just told you.
Now. see. I don't
like that answer.
-Let it go. Dee. hey. stop.
-We're not doing this again.
-I don't like that answer.
-Stop! Stop! No!
Yo. yo. yo. I don't
want no trouble.
I'm just asking about a car.
See. you not just
asking. Not when you...
Come on. come on! Yo. Dee. hey!
Hey!
Yo. Dee. get... get out of here!
-That's what you want to do?
-Get out.
-Huh?
Come get this. Come on.
-Dee. get. Run.
-Go!
-I remember faces.
-Run!
-I see you. I'ma get you.
Son of a bitch.
I'm police. all right?
So put the bottle
down now. Put it down.
God damn it.
Hey! Stop!
Stop. stop. stop. Hey.
Stop. Would you stop?
Get...
Police! Stop struggling!
Put down the gun. you idiot.
I'm on duty with the ATF.
ATF down with you shivving
officers with beer bottles?
-Can we make this quicker?
-Who drives that Ford?
Why you want to know?
That's not how it
works. You answer first.
I got no idea who
drives it. all right?
I've never seen it. but.
clearly. my contact has.
Why do you want to know?
Because the driver
just killed a man
and his 75-year-old
grandmother with a Draco Mini.
-When?
-This morning.
It looked like a
dope deal gone wrong.
Now I'm assuming
it was a gun deal.
Are you working a gunrunner?
-I'm trying to.
Who?
Look. chances are we're
chasing the same guy.
I don't got to tell a beat
sergeant what I'm working.
-Excuse me?
-Did I stutter?
I don't need to
tell you. all right?
I got to go right now.
So you got my name.
You have all my info.
You can run it up
to your superiors.
Give me my ID.
No.
Look. my boss will
tell your superiors
what I'm working. all right?
They'll give you
everything. Give me my ID.
I got to go.
She's right. Let her have it.
Hey. what are we doing?
All right. so what's happening?
Well. I'm not gonna wait
to run it through systems.
Just follow her.
All right. boss.
what's going on?
I thought the plan
was to lay low.
swallow the consequences
until Devlin signs us back.
He's not signing us back yet.
Yet or ever?
-Come on. we got to go.
-Boss. I just...
I can't be away from
my beat this long.
Fine. I got it.
Sarge?
What are you doing right now?
Um...
uh. nothing.
I'm not doing anything.
We back?
-I need a favor.
It'll be off-book.
Can you meet me ASAP?
Kim?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'll leave right now.
She's still on Cermak.
changing lanes.
Copy you. I'm headed
southbound on Holman.
-Copy.
-All right. just stay wide.
I'll call you back in two.
-Got it.
What happened with Devlin?
Trudy. you know anything
about a female CPD officer
detailed to ATF named Eva Imani?
That's my answer?
Spelled I-M-A-N-I.
Yeah. I heard of her.
She was detailed straight
out of the academy.
Never heard so many stories
about someone making
so few friends.
Why?
-I got to go.
Yeah.
I've got her
curbing the vehicle.
Okay. she's approaching...
Where the hell you been?
I've been calling you.
3545 Christina.
I got a male. Black. late 20s.
He's on the front porch.
-Headed to you.
Sounds like her
contact from the bar.
Address is listed
to her fake ID.
It must be a UC apartment.
They're entering now.
I'm going to do a walk-by.
Copy. Stay wide.
Stay on the line.
Mm-hmm.
Sarge. this woman
have backup inside?
I don't know.
Cop shows up asking
about Raptor's car
two weeks after
your ass appears.
wanting to know me.
wanting to know
how I make scratch.
wanting me to scratch you back?
And now this is all
in my head. bitch?
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the hell is wrong with me?
I think she's been made.
This girl's in
trouble. I'm going in.
Let her go.
Listen to me. I
said. let her go.
Shut up!
Chicago PD!
Get off of her!
Get off!
Go! You got to move.
You got to get out.
Go! You got to go!
Jesus.
Kim. you got to go.
He was going to kill
her. so I had to move.
You're not on the job.
You got to go.
-God damn it.
I know.
She was never here.
-What?
-She was never here.
-Who the hell are you?
-Is this his gun?
What kind of patrol sergeant...
Did you follow me here?
Yes.
It would have taken hours
for your boss to give me
the information. which you knew.
so I followed you instead.
You're welcome!
Now. is this his gun?
Is this his gun?
-Yes.
Okay. who is he?
His name is Dee Hart.
He works for a gunrunner
we've been targeting.
Okay. what's the
gunrunner's name?
-I don't know.
-Oh. please.
I don't. Dee only ever
called him Raptor.
Guy hits gun shows.
gun shops. trains.
then sells the pieces
for real cheap.
I've linked his guns to
23 bodies in the Midwest.
Hewas supposed to get me a meet.
Okay. you got a description?
Black male. 5'9".
Yeah. I bet he
drives a brown Ford.
23 bodies.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
It was just you and
me here. you hear me?
There's a reason
we have protocol.
because protocol prevents
piss-poor police performance.
-Yeah. I know the speech.
-Do you?
Because you didn't call it
in. You didn't have a ghost.
And now I'm looking at a man
with two holes in his head.
-What the hell happened?
-Sir.
I crossed paths with ATF.
Looks like we're
after the same guy.
Offender from this morning
matches an ATF gunrunner target.
Which offender?
11th district.
The offender who
left Kenton Williams
riddled with rounds.
left Aggie Montgomery.
75 years old. dead
from stray bullets
fired from a fully auto.
That offender.
You mean the sector
sergeant's case?
-I caught it in progress.
-How is that possible?
You didn't answer a single
in-progress call all day.
He was on view.
I was working my
contact at Mondo's.
Dee here was acting real shaky.
I didn't like the feeling.
I clocked Sergeant
Voight outside.
asked him discreet
to follow me. alone.
Good thing he did. Dee
had made me as police.
Attacked me as soon as he could.
You know. Dee's death's
still relatively quiet.
You should probably work your
leads before they dry up.
I can help.
-No.
I can use him.
At this point. I don't
care who you use.
as long as you salvage it.
We'll take the scene.
clear up our own mess.
Sorry to have dragged you out.
-Hey.
-Is there a problem?
You want to go against ATF.
let more guns flow onto
our streets. more bodies?
You want to sign
your name to that?
That's Dee's place right there.
Yeah.
Anything in plain view
I've already found
a reason to search.
Dee was real careful
with his crap.
Never left anything with
Raptor's real name sitting out.
How long you been
working Raptor?
Uh. a month.
How many bodies have
his guns dropped
in Chicago in that time?
-Six.
So you going to tell
me who you really are?
Why that IAD commander
hates you so much?
He likes me about as much
as your boss likes you.
Yeah. well. at least
mine's got a reason.
I'm a pain in the
ass. How about yours?
I used to have a unit.
I don't right now.
I'd like him to change that.
Mm. so same answer.
All right. so where
were you before ATF?
Nowhere. everywhere.
Work with PMT. so I
like to keep it moving.
Bingo.
Raptor1239. 9:43 a.m...
"Yo. where you at?
Something popped
off. Get in touch."
We weren't able to
trace the IP address
off the game console.
but we reached out to
Raptor pretending to be Dee.
and it worked.
He told Dee to meet
him there at 9:00 p.m.
We got confirmation
he's our shooter?
ATF did.
Slugs removed from Kenton and
Aggie's bodies were a match
for a Draco Mini that was
suspected stolen by Raptor
out of an Indiana gun
shop six months ago.
It's him.
All right. this
place is desolate.
No cams. no easy access.
So we keep it skeleton. just us.
We got to be on foot.
We got an arrest warrant.
so as soon as Raptor
shows. we grab him up.
Anything?
Nothing yet.
East side. clear.
I'll be the bait. I've
got Dee's vehicle.
I'll park it as
central as I can.
Well. he's expecting
a male. Black. right?
Shouldn't I be the bait?
-Nah.
Why not? That's safer.
Who the hell cares?
It's my case. my target.
Okay.
I got something... coming
in from the south end.
Anybody seeing this?
Yeah. I got him.
He's coming right towards you.
Is it Raptor?
Dee?
Crash.
Dee. what's going on?
-Chicago PD!
-Get down!
-Hands in the air. now!
-Wait. wait. wait. wait!
Turn around! Turn around!
Get on the ground right now!
-Okay.
-Get down!
Hands down! Hands
wide. Keep 'em wide.
Who the hell are you?
How do you know the name Dee?
Oh. my God.
Come on! Let's go! Go!
-Stay down! Down!
-Stay there. Stay low.
Can we see where
those are coming from?
No. I can't see!
I don't have eyes!
All right. I got
him... one o'clock.
Kev. I'm moving.
-I got you. I'ma cover you.
You got eyes on the shooter?
12 o'clock in that
abandoned structure.
Hey. who sent you here?
No one. no one.
-Answer me. Who sent you?
-I don't know.
Yes. you do. Who?
I don't know.
I-i-it was some guy.
He found me in the
alleyway. I was shooting up.
He promised me $400
if I came here.
Describe him.
He's moving. Let's go. let's go.
He was just shooting at you.
Those bullets were
for you. you hear me?
Now describe him.
It was... it was a Black
guy in his mid-30s.
-He drive a car?
-Yeah.
Yeah. but... but he... he
parked in the alleyway.
It was... it was
a dark-blue car.
Which alley?
You see those plates?
No.
Getting the cams sent
over from OCD Tech.
-You got Downey?
-No. Jones. He's better.
And he owes me more.
-Mm.
Hey. concentrate on the
back west-side alley.
If he was shooting
up back there...
All right. two
perps on the east.
Y'all work real well together.
You're not really saying
that like it's a good thing.
Mm. real. uh.
"Brady Bunch" vibe.
Still no investigative alerts.
The ATF's still
working the scene.
All right. I got it.
Hey. that's him. That's our guy.
-Can you enhance it?
-Go.
All right. King Seven Paul 561.
Wait. this car is registered
to a Clark Marten...
no criminal history.
white male. 56 years old.
lives in Park Ridge.
Definitely dummy plates.
-Could be a known associate?
That's an alias.
This dude has a
property in his name...
a defunct garage
in deep Lawndale.
You think our white
56-year-old. Clark Marten.
actually owns that building?
-Let's hit it.
Imani. call your supervisor.
Or we get it ourselves.
Look. if I'm Raptor.
I got my bags packed.
pieces stashed. and I'm
heading out of town.
Trust me. we do not have time
for what my bosses will insist
on... we should hit it. now.
Kev. Adam. you got to
go back to your beats.
-No.
-No. no way. boss.
-Look. we got this.
Go work 'em.
I got something.
This idiot registered
his laptop.
I got his cell phone
number. We can ping it.
He's headed westbound.
No. ATF's securing his stash.
We're following Raptor now.
Like I said. he's a flight risk.
I've been working this
guy a month... I know him.
He's going to get the
hell out of Chicago.
No. I'm watching him right
now. He's headed for 290.
Boss. he's going to get...
What? No. Why the
hell would we do that?
No. I'm telling
you. that's a bad...
Right.
Mm-hmm. Yep.
Okay.
I'll hold anchor
when we get eyes.
Am I slowing down?
No.
He's moving on to Cermak.
There. 12 o'clock. 2
cars' length ahead of us.
Yeah. I see him.
You got eyes on the driver?
Yeah. that's him. That's Raptor.
-You good?
-Go.
Police! Hands where
I can see them!
Chicago PD! Let
me see your hands!
-Gun!
-Get out of the vehicle!
Put your hands on the wheel.
I don't repeat myself.
12 long guns. 6 Glocks.
4 with switches.
And that Draco was
a match for the gun
that killed Kenton and Aggie.
-Mm.
Also had a packed
bag. 30 thou in cash.
He was going to skip town.
-Mm-hmm.
You need to take box
one on the arrest.
If you don't own him. ATF
will cut Raptor a deal.
My supervisor
wants his contacts.
He doesn't care if the man's
guns have killed 23 people.
He wouldn't know
their names and face
if they walked up to
him and spit on him.
You can't give me box one.
You will get your
ass handed to you.
I don't care.
23. all right?
That man does not
deserve a deal.
He deserves life inside.
and I don't care
who gives it to him.
Can you help me with something?
I did everything you asked.
No. no. no. I don't got
time for this tonight.
I worked Rapid Response.
My team of elite officers.
they worked dead-end
patrol for a month.
I don't
got any new answers.
When they could have been
working real cases. like today.
My team has the
highest solve rate
in the city.
Sir.
Please.
Sign my unit back.
No boss with an
ounce of self-regard
would sign your
unit back together.
not when your unit
destroys everyone it touches.
I'm not signing
Intelligence back...
ever.
I tried to do this
the right way.
-What's this?
-I really did.
Open it.
ATF is still tracking every
gun from Raptor's stash.
I mean. he had boxes
from gun shows.
manufacturers. gun stores
all across the U.S.
Those are the ones I asked
ATF to prioritize. though.
You recognize 'em.
Serial numbers all
trace back to the CPD.
It was a batch of
weapons that IAD ordered
to replenish their officers...
same batch that your
predecessors and you
signed off on...
and never reported stolen.
I mean. I doubt you
know who stole 'em.
It was just an
embarrassment. right?
It went against your
self-preservation to report it.
I mean. think how
pathetic it'll look now.
My unit is reinstated tonight...
or this goes public.
You can't outrun
yourself forever. Hank.
Wow.
Really beautiful space.
You talk to your supervisor?
Why'd you want to meet here?
Is that a tic of yours?
You don't answer questions?
Well. you don't either. right?
You're not exactly a
shining conversationalist.
What'd he give you?
Early end to my detail.
-Huh.
-Yeah.
It's fine. I was feeling like
it was time to pack up anyway.
move somewhere else.
I don't really like to
stay put for too long.
I can tell.
Plus. that boss
was a damn idiot.
Hmm.
Moved like a slug and
couldn't see jack coming.
The world could be
ending. and he'd be like.
what's the weather like. and
what jacket should I pack?
So you're gonna outrun
the consequences.
Yeah. I'm gonna try.
What were their names?
What?
The six who were killed by
Raptor's guns in Chicago...
what were their names?
George Malkin. Javon Dyer.
Anthony Rodriguez.
Cattie Rodriguez.
Kenton Williams. and
Aggie Montgomery.
Why don't you run
with us for a while?
You got your unit back?
Got an open spot.
Yeah. that's... that's
a terrible idea.
Hmm.
Why's that?
You don't want me.
I'm not gonna convince
you. It's yes or no.
I'll give you a long leash.
Okay.
Just for a while?
Let's get back to work.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today